1 This movie is more deep than it appears to the general crowd expecting a laugh on a Sunday. Most people will go to watch it as a funny movie, but it is not a funny movie in that sense. It is a Satire about how people in many parts of the world still feel about homosexuality, equality of women, need for a woman's consent to a marriage, prostitution as a profession, racism, and so on. It also portrays how even some westerners feel about religion and Jesus. The scene may seriously bother you if you are too much into Jesus (It is supposed to bother you, if you really get it).
1 I say this as a die-hard Monty Python fan – not because the humour is on the same level or follows the same guidelines (in fact, the common ground is here is that it follows no guidelines) – but because both comedy teams mask their sketches in a feature film, passing them off as a story when it becomes glaringly clear that the latter is an elaborate pretext under which to have outrageous, absurdist and side-splittingly fun in a series of genius gags.
1 This movie is more deep than it appears to the general crowd expecting a laugh on a Sunday. Most people will go to watch it as a funny movie, but it is not a funny movie in that sense. It is a Satire about how people in many parts of the world still feel about homosexuality, equality of women, need for a woman's consent to a marriage, prostitution as a profession, racism, and so on. It also portrays how even some westerners feel about religion and Jesus. The scene may seriously bother you if you are too much into Jesus (It is supposed to bother you, if you really get it).
1 OK, so it's done at some people's expense. That's a small price for holding up a mirror to ourselves and seeing how out our narcissistic culture is perceived by the rest of the world. 
1 This has got to be the funniest film i have ever seen. I wasn't a big fan of Borat when he first appeared on the Ali G, but he grew on me as i grew out of Ali G and when the movie was announced i thought it would be funny, but i was mistaken, it was hilarious. I was thinking back to the previous films i laughed at so much in the cinema and South Park, American Pie and most of all Jackass spring to mind. I may of laughed more at Jackass because there were more jokes/stunts but i never laughed as hard as in one scene in Borat, the naked scene, i couldn't actually breath and had tears down my face and after the film finished i was still laughing at that. There is so many other scenes to mention, so I'm not going to bother, just see it you will be in stitches the whole way through. 
1 This had to have been the funniest film I have ever seen. It is over-the-top, confrontational, and 100% hilarious. Borat is by far the funniest movie I have seen this year, with Little Miss Sunshine and Jackass 2 coming in a close 2nd and 3rd, respectively. Borat does so many things that you realize how over the top this movie is. In fact, that is an understatement, Im sure many people will be offended by this film, but hey, all in the name of comedy. Borat shows the dark side of America, but in a very funny way, not in a cynnical way. This movie is perfect for anyone, but it is very inappropriate, this movie is not for the faint of heart. It is very crude as well, I think the youngest people who should see this film are maybe 13 year olds, depending on your standards. I am 14 and I saw it, and I had either seen or heard everything in the film, but I am a very exposed individual. If you kids haven't seen many R movies, this definitely isn't the one for them. 
1 this was the most profane, most hilarious movie I've EVER seen! i was at this film festival where i sat a row in front of the director and during some parts i just HAD to look behind me to see his face because i couldn't believe what was going on on the screen. and the best part of it was that its all real! which just makes it better. they broke so many laws and Mr. Charles said that they actually had a security team to guard their camera men and Sacha from cops and other security men during some shots. and there's so much x-rated stuff in it (i.e. the nude straight male wrestling match in the hotel) etc etc. not to mention the scene with Pam Anderson! so everyone SEE THIS MOVIE!!! it definitely breaks the stereotype of the latest remakes and crappy comedies out there today...now get ready to have a sexytime!!! 
1 We saw an Advanced Screening of American Sniper last week, and it was awesome. This movie was directed by Clint Eastwood and you can see his hand in it. It's not flashy, and it tells the story without adding to it like Hollywood tends to do with all war movies, especially ones about the recent wars our men have served in. You feel like you know at least a portion of what a sniper and his Seal team went through while serving in the Iraq War. But, most importantly, it also tells the story of an Extraordinary Man, a true American Hero, who devoted much of his life to his country, taking multiple tours to keep "his men" safe, and to protect his country. What an extraordinary movie. I can't say enough about it. Everyone should see this movie. See what this man did for our country. I would also recommend staying through the credits. All the film shown during the ending credits is from actual newsreels. An excellent movie. I wholly recommend it.
1 Bradley Cooper's performance was great. He states in his interviews that he spent quit a bit of time learning Chris Kyle's habits and the techniques taught during SEAL training. I thought the bulk he put on to play the character was video enhanced. Apparently not. Bradley put in the effort in the gym to bulk up. Kudos.
0 Take all your expectations about what is crude here in America and quadruple it. Prepare yourself for scenes of naked men wrestling each other into suggestive pornographic positions. In short, the 3 or 4 genuinely funny scenes in this movie aren't worth the other disturbing parts.
0 This movie is terrible don't waste your money. My husband and I rented it thinking we would enjoy a good laugh together but we didn't. We turned this off before it was over both my husband and I hated it. I thought they missed the mark on most if not all jokes. I believe I chuckled twice. Most of the time my husband loves what I call "dumb funny" movies but even he said let's turn this off. It was crude and not even funny crude. I was more uncomfortable than anything at how embarrassing this must be for everyone involved. I'm not a huge fan of crude humor so that that into consideration but enjoyed the crude funny found in movies like American Pie, 40 days and 40 nights, and even parts of Jack Ass but this was just stupid and not worth watching. What a waste of film. 
0 Coming to this movie I was prepared for stupid humor but in reality the movie is just plain stupid. Sasha Coen plays a guy from Kazakhstan but he doesn't even speak their language. Neither the village nor people themselves look like Kazakh. His behavior implies that Kazakh people are in 19th century or something which is totally untrue. Kazakstan is quite a big country with big cities, and of course people know about the current technology and etc. His behavior just doesn't make any sense; only people from an island far far away could behave like that... Also I don't understand why the movie is so antisemitic especially that Sasha is of Jewish descent himself. I've never heard that Kazakh people are antisemitic. So, now I can't really comprehend what was the purpose of the movie. Maybe somebody has a grasp? 
0 I went to this movie thinking it would be funny, but it was disgusting. it tried to make jokes about different races and sexism but took it way too far. Calling Jews cockroaches and monsters that lay eggs, and making fun of rape victims. Showing some naked obese guy humping Borat's face, and showing a close up of his sons dick, is taking it too far. This was a waste of film. If this had been rated higher it would have made more sense, but it was 14A, so little kids can see this. i know some people for whatever reason thought this was great, and will probably reply by telling me I'm taking it too seriously, but i think parents should be warned before they let their kids watch this. 
0 Primitive, stupid, unsophisticated, low budget clownery exploiting the fact that average Americans don't even know where Kazakhstan is. If Sacha Baron Cohen showed black Americans, for example, or Jews washing their face in a toilet or defecating in a plastic bag as something they normally do just because they belong to a certain ethnic group, he would be charged with hate crime and his movie would be banned even before anybody would be able to watch it. 
0 First, i really laugh at some scenes even though they were horrible. But jokes on bad things happening right now around the world???, incest,pedophiles, woman abuse, poverty... Those things are not to make fun, do you laugh when you see a woman beaten or a child raped??. The only passable (or mediocre at his best) parts of the film where those that showed the proud and selfconfort in what north Americans live, and those explain why they got a "warlord in the white house" the best sentence in the film, if not the only one. The dining society scene was so laughable not because Borat's stupid jokes but because those people do really meet for dinner in that way, and if a b1tch entered the pastor would go running like she was a lepper, did Jesus the same or he would say: Let anyone among you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone. Well it could be a set up, most scenes were an obvious set up, but others were so bad they must have been for real. You can laugh for a second but you have to recognize that this is trash. OMFG what are we coming to?? borat is almost on 250imdb with 7.8,and Oscar nominations, and golden globe wins??. Stop the world, i am getting down. 
0 This film is VILE. I was completely disappointed. I love to laugh at myself and my culture. I really do. That's why I was eager to see this film. But from start to finish in this film, I was bombarded with graphic sexual conversation and racist idiocy. There were funny parts, yes. Borat's "religious conversion" was pretty funny. And the utter ignorance of the people he met....racist, ethnocentric, incredibly naive. It said a lot about the state of our country. And I will say this much for Borat: the film is an equal-opportunity mock-fest. No one is safe. Not even themselves. But these modest up-sides were immeasurably outweighed by the vulgarity and overall disgusting tone of the film. And for crying out loud, what is up with the insipid, gratuitous, ridiculously long male nudity scenes with the simulated male-on-male sex positions? Freaking gross. And no, I'm not a homophobe. No one will be going to Borat to see that. It was shocking and completely unnecessary. I have a pretty high gross-out factor, but I tell you the truth, I was covering my eyes and looking away for a big chunk of the film. I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why I didn't walk out of the theater. Save your money and your brain cells. Borat SUCKED. 
0 In an insipid one-note performance, Cohen milks the ignorant peasant bit far beyond its meager credibility. His whole shtick is stolen from Bronson Pinchot's Balki Bartokomous, which he copied from Andy Kaufman's Latka Gravas, who imitated Bill Dana's Jose Jimenez, who owed a lot to Chico Marx. All and all, it has all been done better, and with greater affection by real immigrants like Yakov Smirnoff. While each progression has made the basic character increasingly dim, Cohen takes the archetype a giant leap downward by making his characterization utterly hateful and devoid of charm. The sweet naivete that has always defined the foreign visitor stereotype is all but gone with Cohen draining his smirking and leering Borat of all traces of innocence. You'd be hard pressed to find a more contemptible lout anywhere this side of "The Jerry Springer Show." 
0 However, here was an opportunity to show the complexities of a man hailed as an American hero; and by complexities, I mean the thoroughly odious aspects of Chris Kyle's character. The man enjoyed killing people, regarding his targets as savages, and he bragged about killing looters in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina - even if he didn't, because we don't know for certain, what kind of man declares proudly his murderous inclinations? In short, he was far from a good man. Dismally, you would never know this from the simple-minded depiction of him as an all American Hero in Eastwood's film.
0 In short, uneducated redneck sees 9/11 unfold on his TV, uneducated redneck joins the Military and shoots brown people. No questions asked. 'Merica I understand why this movie was made. Dumb people that aren't capable of thinking outside of the box STILL view Iraqis as bad people despite the fact that nobody in Iraq had anything to do with 9/11, and Americans INVADED THEIR country, for literally no reason. If anything, that time period in American history should be buried, not glorified. The guy this movie is based on is a racist pig that made millions of dollars off people that are somehow dumber than he is.